are virtual Summits still
relevant let's find out this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so we are now going
to talk about if virtual Summits are
still relevant so Neil you actually as
of this recording I don't know if you
just finished your virtual Summit this
is going to come out in October so do
you want to talk about what you did and
what a virtual Summit is yeah sure so a
virtual Summit is like an online event
online conference um we through one uh
you're talking about more than 20,000
registrants I think it was like closer
to 25 to 30,000 registrants um which is
quite a bit of people online that are
showing up to learn about marketing and
what we found is it's a great way to
build your community Foster it um and
even generate Revenue I'm not talking
about just like ticket sales from a a
virtual Summit but I'm talking about
selling your products your services so
we have an ad agency called NP digital
during the virtual Summit we'll talk
about case studies and what we're doing
for our customers and how people can
work with us and all this kind of stuff
drives Revenue in the long run as well
all right and Neil on the 20,000 people
how what percent do you expect to attend
at least half usually attend oh wow
that's a super High attendance rate not
all the sessions but at least half show
up that's typically we see we see half
to 60% that's pretty amazing because
usually for a webinar it's like you know
25 to 30% or so why do you think it's a
higher attendance rate because it's over
multiple days and what we'll do is we'll
send out email blast to the registrant
of the virtual Summit reminding them of
certain sessions so that really boosts
our numbers got it so you're you're
promoting it harder we're promoting it
harder but we're promoting it harder to
people who have already registered
during the event and that's the big
thing see when we didn't do that we were
getting closer to somewhere around like
323 3% showing up and just a lot
wouldn't but the moment we started
sending emails saying like hey Eric
Neil's about to speak on this new topic
on how to succeed in the marketing world
when everyone's using Ai and is you know
and their marketing is looking alike
right so when we tease stuff and say
like hey he's gonna be going live in you
know uh three hours make sure you attend
or send them text reminders like things
like that it really boost show up rates
and you're doing email plus SMS I'm
assuming SMS I don't know if we do I
know we do SMS for webinars uh depending
on the webinar but the virtual Summit I
don't know if we did SMS and the reason
I say I don't know it could just be to a
select group of audience Believe It or
Not SMS in countries outside of the
United States are much much more
expensive so like if we want to do SMS
to like people in India it cost us much
more money and also so for your summit
because the last time I did a summit has
to be like almost 10 years ago I think
something like that maybe eight years
ago so your summit who is speaking
because it's not just you how many
speakers do you have what kind of
speakers do you have coming yeah so in
total we probably have over like 12 13
different speakers somewhere around
there and we bring in people from
different corporations like Google and
FedEx and just large corporations that
can give insights on what people can do
and what big corporations are doing and
how you can take stuff from their
playbook and apply it to your business
whether it's small or large and I'm ass
uming I mean look on the 20K you have
like 10,000 people that attend but also
at the same time you're building a
deeper relationship with these speakers
and also this is going to get you leads
too because um you know let's say you
you do a session and two three thousand
people watch it you could just send the
slides afterwards to whoever watched or
or all the people saying hey like you
know you might if you just in case you
missed it here are slides by the way if
you want to chat with the team you know
here's the link to chat with the team
exactly and and we found it to work
really well and to go back to like who's
speaking CMO of Google Italy
uh CMO of American
Express uh vice president of digital
marketing and streaming of Sony Music we
had the digital marketing leader of
Coca-Cola vice president of loyalty and
Partnerships at Maria BBVA big bank we
had someone from there uh I mentioned
FedEx this was the managing director of
marketing head of growth for ESPN you
know a senior brand director at Uni
lever but yeah uh we had former CEO of
Loro Piana we literally had a mixture of
everyone speaking do you get a deal for
the CEO of Laurel piano do I get a deal
as in for cheaper discounts for buying
Piana no I don't think so oh man all
right well okay and and I I want to make
this practical for everyone too right
because not everyone has a a big email
list like yours and so if they wanted to
do a summit like what's a practical way
for them to get started and I'm assuming
if they wanted to promote it um there's
like an organic and an inorganic way
yeah so a lot of people do like Facebook
ads that's a great way to drive a lot of
regant to the summit we don't what we
found to be the most effective strategy
when you don't have a list is you
partner with other people who have done
Summits and you say Hey you promote my
Summit I'll promote your summit and you
de it with a lot of people and your
numbers will inflate really quickly
another strategy is when you get
speakers you ask them to promote it on
their social media to their email list
those two ways uh Drive in quite a bit
of register and
but also like you want to make it really
easy for the the speakers to promote it
too so you want to give them the copy
they can edit it you want to give not
just copy we give them images and
everything for social media we're like
here's some design graphics and it looks
good so then that way they're more
likely to publish it totally and so I
don't think I I think Summits are one
they're more acceptable because of 2020
and I also think they're underutilized
as well just like I think webinars are
still underutilized it's just you know
as long as you you can provide
interesting stuff that helps people why
wouldn't people want to check it out
especially if the speakers are
interesting as well no that's it you
should do suit easy Revenue you'll make
profit it's a good business all right
and it's actually not a good as a
standalone business but it's good to add
in to help good for your business yep
yep all right that's it for today
everyone please don't forget to rate
riew subscribe five stars please and we
will see you now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share tell the
people about it thank you very much